You can get 100% in your writeup if you do it well. Historically, students get the most from
their writeup and their supervisors.
These are some errors I have seen from some presenters and some suggestions for your report.
Common errors in FYP Report

    1. TOC. The preliminary pages part of the TOC is 1.15 line spacing, the other part 1.5 line
         spacing. Check your margins for each level.

    2. Your dedication should not be more than 3 lines.
    3. Your acknowledgement should not be more than two paragraphs
    4. Your abstract is 1 line spacing, one paragraph and you should have keywords beneath

         it.
    5. Properly format your List of figures and tables. The page numbers should be at the

         edge, not centralised.
    6. A paragraph should be at least three sentences, not less, can be more. Merge paragraphs

         that are below three sentences. A paragraph in chapter 1&2 is expected to have a
         reference or more.
    7. Use a reference manager!!! If your references are randomly checked and there is any
         not on a generated field, you'll lose the marks for referencing.
    8. Your referencing style is APA 6.
    9. Set your paragraphs well, you do not need to put an extra line manually between
         paragraphs.
    10. Before you start any form of listing, there must be a small preamble to tell the reader
         what the list is about.
    11. You should not put a sub header under another header without writing anything under
         the first head. (Same as the guide for listing).
    12. All your figures and tables must be cited before they appear in your text. You must have
         spoken of a figure or table before you drop it.
    13. Stating your figures as `Figure 1.2 and 1.3' is not allowed, correct version, `Figure 1.2
         and Figure 1.3'.
    14. Endeavour to start all long tables on a new page. Especially when based on the flow it
         should start below half the page.
    15. For your methodology section in chapter 1, use a table, don't drop stories.
    16. For your significance, use a list.
    17. For your limitations should be in chapter 5. It should/must be there.
18. Your project outline in Chapter 1 should to be written as a paragraph not a section of
    small broken paragraphs.

19. Every chapter must start on a new page.
20. For your certification page, supervisor's first name then last name.
21. Your list of references at the back should be indented.
22. Your list of references at the back should be 1 line spacing with a space between each

    reference
23. A good literature review is made up of recent and relevant references.
24. For your numbering be consistent. if i. or i) or i). Whichever you use, be consistent

    throughout the work. Do not use capital roman numerals like I. or I) or I).
25. Your section caption must be consistent, also. If you have a full stop after the numbering

    (1.2.1.), do the same all through.
26. The caption for your table should be left-aligned, and the caption for your figure,

    centralised. Table at the Top, Figure at the Bottom.
27. The content of your tables should use 1.5 line spacing.
28. Your chapters 3 and 4 should be arranged in the order of your objective... so the flow is

    seen when reading. [No need to say Objective 1 or Objective 2, just write to flow
    according to the objectives. Check the samples]
29. The first time an abbreviation appears, it should be written in full
30. Make sure there is a space between your text and inline citations. `baba(error, 2025)',
    the correct version is `baba (correct, 2025)'.
31. The use of websites in your references should not be more than 10% of your entire
    references. Having more waters down the credibility of your work.
32. Do not underline your headings or lists
33. If a section is not up to a paragraph (3 sentences), merge it with another section.
34. Remove anything proposed in your report... Proposed system, proposed architecture,
    Project Proposal (front page). you have done it, you are not proposing.
35. If a major header is starting at the end of a page take it to the next page.
36. Figure 2.1 not figure 2.1. F is always capitalised. (Same with the Table)
37. Properly label your Tables and Figures... Be sure what is cited inline corresponds with
    the content of the table/figure cited
38. For your page margin. Left: 3cm. Right, Top and Bottom: 2.54cm
39. Do not forget to change to PDF before printing
40. No full stop before your reference. `baba.(error, 2025)'. The correct version `baba
    (correct, 2025)'.

41. Check your font size, make sure every section has the appropriate size.
42. Do not have "naked/plain" headers, it should be formatted (2.1.3) or numbered.
43. Your abstract is 1 line spacing, one paragraph and you should have keywords beneath

    it. It should be a concise summary of the work containing the problem, aim of the study,
    objectives paraphrased, methodology used, results, recommendation, and
    significance/conclusion. Must not exceed 500 words and should be written in reporting
    tense (past tense).
44. A paragraph should be at least five sentences, not less, can be more. Merge paragraphs
    that are below five sentences. A paragraph in chapter 1&2 is expected to have a
    reference or more. Avoid complex and long sentences. Idea sentence is 2-3 lines
45. Chapter 3 ­ 4 will also have references. In Chapter 3, when talking about theoretical
    concepts that guided your decision making, you'll cite the authors of those concepts. In
    your chapter 4, when discussion your findings or interpreting them, you'll need to
    reference articles that support your findings or are like it, depending on the context.
